Dataset Glossary (Column-wise)
01. Country/Territory - Name of the Country/Territory
02. Code - Country/Territory Code
03. Year - Year of the Incident
04. Meningitis - No. of People died from Meningitis
05. Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias - No. of People died from Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias
06. Parkinson's Disease - No. of People died from Parkinson's Disease
07. Nutritional Deficiencies - No. of People died from Nutritional Deficiencies
08. Malaria - No. of People died from Malaria
09. Drowning - No. of People died from Drowning
10. Interpersonal Violence - No. of People died from Interpersonal Violence
11. Maternal Disorders - No. of People died from Maternal Disorders
12. Drug Use Disorders - No. of People died from Drug Use Disorders
13. Tuberculosis - No. of People died from Tuberculosis
14. Cardiovascular Diseases - No. of People died from Cardiovascular Diseases
15. Lower Respiratory Infections - No. of People died from Lower Respiratory Infections
16. Neonatal Disorders - No. of People died from Neonatal Disorders
17. Alcohol Use Disorders - No. of People died from Alcohol Use Disorders
18. Self-harm - No. of People died from Self-harm
19. Exposure to Forces of Nature - No. of People died from Exposure to Forces of Nature
20. Diarrheal Diseases - No. of People died from Diarrheal Diseases
21. Environmental Heat and Cold Exposure - No. of People died from Environmental Heat and Cold Exposure
22. Neoplasms - No. of People died from Neoplasms
23. Conflict and Terrorism - No. of People died from Conflict and Terrorism
24. Diabetes Mellitus - No. of People died from Diabetes Mellitus
25. Chronic Kidney Disease - No. of People died from Chronic Kidney Disease
26. Poisonings - No. of People died from Poisoning
27. Protein-Energy Malnutrition - No. of People died from Protein-Energy Malnutrition
28. Chronic Respiratory Diseases - No. of People died from Chronic Respiratory Diseases
29. Cirrhosis and Other Chronic Liver Diseases - No. of People died from Cirrhosis and Other Chronic Liver Diseases
30. Digestive Diseases - No. of People died from Digestive Diseases
31. Fire, Heat, and Hot Substances - No. of People died from Fire or Heat or any Hot Substances
32. Acute Hepatitis - No. of People died from Acute Hepatitis